# MyCorporateJourney
Hello World!
My name is “Shivam Singh” and I want to share a summary of my corporate life experience, every major bad and good things happened to me and also the things happened around me during these years. So let’s get started with my introduction. 
It’s me, I am a small height, shy (socially awkward and usually don’t talk much), follower of non-violence and forgiveness, fair but not much handsome boy from a village Jamalpur (Chakia) in Ballia and born in Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh. There are 5 members in my family – my mother (Sharmila Singh), my father (Rajeshwar Singh), younger brother (Aashish), younger sister (Pratiksha) and I. My father works in Post Office and my mother is a house wife. I am eldest among my siblings.  I am from Raju Rastogi (3 idiots) type family but our parents take care us like the royalty of ‘Harry Potter’. Ohh… it’s gonna filmy never mind I am a fan of some movies, let’s go ahead.
I have completed my high school and intermediate from local CBSE School named Kunwar Convent School. After passing class 12th, I decided to do engineering because I had interest in technology and computer. So I sit in the entrance exam of IIT (mains & advance) and UPSEE. I got only 136 marks in ‘IIT mains’ and also only qualifying marks in ‘IIT Advance’ exam. Hence, I couldn’t get admission in IITs and NITs. But I qualified UPSEE exam so I got admission in Government College named Rajkiya Engineering College Kannauj in Electronics Engineering specialization in 2017-2021 batch.
I wanted to study more, wanted to do Masters in engineering and then Ph.D., I sit in GATE exam also but during COVID19 lockdown some good and bad things hit my mind and decided to do job after engineering graduation. There was lockdown in entire country and companies could not visit to our college campus for hiring so I sit in several online exams when I was in seventh and eighth semester of my college. I passed written exams of some IT companies like WIPRO, INFOSYS, Atos-Syntel & Accenture. 
WIPRO took interview quickly and on boarded me first so I joined WIPRO Company as a Project Engineer role. The rest of the story will continue below. 
I am not a professional writer so if there is lack of writer’s feeling or if there are any grammatical and spelling mistakes, Please Pardon Me🙏!
